# reflection-milestone4

The Vancouver housing app is a tool designed to assist users in accessing and analyzing data related to the city's housing market. Despite its functionality, feedback from both peers and TA have highlighted the need for improvement to the app's user experience. As a result, we have undertaken a series of steps to enhance the organization and clarity of the app.

One key area of concern identified was the interface and visualization of the app. Given the size of the data set, we created a long sidebar on the left-hand side to accommodate all the features as inputs from users. However, this made the app appear cluttered and disorganized. To address this, we reorganized each section to fit everything onto a single page, allowing users to see everything about the app without having to scroll up and down. We made two significant changes: we converted two radio buttons for "select zoning classification" and "select community" to two drop-down menus, significantly reducing the length of the sidebar. Additionally, we use {bslib} cards to provide borders and padding around content, and added functionality of expanding to full-screen, which saved space for each element to fit in one window and made the app look more organized. We also added icons, headers, and selections by cards to make it easier for users to understand what each element was about.

While trying to present more related and interactive information in the app, we found that it made the interface appear messy and chaotic. Consequently, we decided to keep only three sessions: the map of Vancouver, distribution of house values, and detailed data sessions. We also made several adjustments to the histogram plot, which had issues with readability and displaying with certain combinations of inputs. We changed the x-axis to "per $1000," which made it easier to read, and added a break to prevent error messages when no data was selected. We also renamed the stat element and relocated it on top of the plots to clarify its meaning for users.

Through these changes, we hope to improve the user experience of the Vancouver housing app. By addressing issues related to the interface and visualization, we aim to provide a more organized and user-friendly tool for analyzing the city's housing market. The steps we have taken demonstrate our commitment to improving the app based on user feedback, and their willingness to adapt and make changes as necessary.
